This turtle we're going to go ahead and download the data set for this section as usual we need to go
to Supernaut assigns dot com slash training and then if we scroll down to part 3.0 prep here you will
see Section 7 handling errors during each face 3.
And the data set is fake names.
Canada adult Zipp.
So if you go ahead and download that file we then need to put into a project folder and here of create
a project folder 2000 15 0 8 11 fake names candor.
So if you open up and go to original data you will find that I've already placed my daughter said here
.
So the zip file.
And when you zip it it's a text file this time.
So we will pick it up from here in the next tutorial.
And I look forward to seeing you then